README.md, before:

DESCRIPTION
-----------
This is an extremely basic "toy" app that is for use by NA members for
"calculating their cleantime -not their Recovery."
It asks the user to enter their clean date in the app, then displays a
textual breakdown of their cleantime to date, along with a string of keytags.

REQUIREMENTS
------------
This is an iOS app, made for iPhones and iPads. It is only available via the Apple App Store, and requires iOS 9.0 or above.

INSTALLATION
------------

This will be installed via the Apple App Store, and will be a free app.

LICENSE
-------

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

CHANGELIST
----------
***Version 4.0.0.2003* ** *- August 24, 2019*

- Updated Complication Images.
- Added a textual component to the Graphic Bezel complication.

***Version 4.0.0.2002* ** *- August 24, 2019*

- Updated Complication Images.

***Version 4.0.0.2001* ** *- August 24, 2019*

- Fixed an issue where you could get a "0 day" response to one day clean.
- Changed the complication icons.

***Version 4.0.0.2000* ** *- August 23, 2019*

- Updated to Swift 5.
- Complete rewrite in many places. The look and feel has changed, and it is a lot simpler.
- Adds a simple Watch app that reports the results on your wrist.

***Version 3.3.0.3000* ** *- September 19, 2017*

- Official release.

***Version 3.3.0.2000* ** *- September 13, 2017*
- Added the two new keytags (5 and 15 years).
- Updated to the latest iOS and Xcode versions. Base version is now 10.0.
- Darkened the text to improve readability.
- First beta release.

***Version 3.2.0.3000* ** *- November 14, 2016*
- This adds a new switch that allows the keytag display to be disabled.

***Version 3.1.0.3000* ** *- September 22, 2016*
- This implements the new Swift 3 language.
- Added the new 10,000 days and 30-year tags.
- It now remembers the last date entered.
- The keychain now scrolls to the end when the result is announced.

***Version 3.0.0.3000* ** *- July 15, 2015*
- This reflects a complete, top-to-bottom rewrite of the app.
- It has been rewritten in Swift, Apple's new programming language.

Commit message:

Cleaned up the documentation for 100% Jazzy.

README.md, after:

DESCRIPTION
-----------
This is an extremely basic "toy" app that is for use by NA members for
"calculating their cleantime -not their Recovery."
It asks the user to enter their clean date in the app, then displays a
textual breakdown of their cleantime to date, along with a string of keytags.

REQUIREMENTS
------------
This is an iOS app, made for iPhones and iPads. It is only available via the Apple App Store, and requires iOS 11.0 or above.

The Watch component requires watchOS 5.0 or above.

INSTALLATION
------------

This will be installed via the Apple App Store, and will be a free app.

LICENSE
-------

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

CHANGELIST
----------
***Version 4.0.0.2004* ** *- TBD*

- Cleaned up the documentation for 100% Jazzy.

***Version 4.0.0.2003* ** *- August 24, 2019*

- Updated Complication Images.
- Added a textual component to the Graphic Bezel complication.

***Version 4.0.0.2002* ** *- August 24, 2019*

- Updated Complication Images.

***Version 4.0.0.2001* ** *- August 24, 2019*

- Fixed an issue where you could get a "0 day" response to one day clean.
- Changed the complication icons.

***Version 4.0.0.2000* ** *- August 23, 2019*

- Updated to Swift 5.
- Complete rewrite in many places. The look and feel has changed, and it is a lot simpler.
- Adds a simple Watch app that reports the results on your wrist.

***Version 3.3.0.3000* ** *- September 19, 2017*

- Official release.

***Version 3.3.0.2000* ** *- September 13, 2017*
- Added the two new keytags (5 and 15 years).
- Updated to the latest iOS and Xcode versions. Base version is now 10.0.
- Darkened the text to improve readability.
- First beta release.

***Version 3.2.0.3000* ** *- November 14, 2016*
- This adds a new switch that allows the keytag display to be disabled.

***Version 3.1.0.3000* ** *- September 22, 2016*
- This implements the new Swift 3 language.
- Added the new 10,000 days and 30-year tags.
- It now remembers the last date entered.
- The keychain now scrolls to the end when the result is announced.

***Version 3.0.0.3000* ** *- July 15, 2015*
- This reflects a complete, top-to-bottom rewrite of the app.
- It has been rewritten in Swift, Apple's new programming language.
